2024 Conference Code of conduct (#450)
nordic-rse/nordic-rse.github.io: content/about/code-of-conduct/_index.md

Participants to events violating these rules may be asked to leave without a
refund at the sole discretion of the conference organisers.

> Thank you for making the Nordic RSE welcoming and friendly for all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for making Nordic-RSE a  welcoming and friendly environment for all.
```
